Communism is not love. Communism is a hammer which we use to crush the enemy. Mao Zedong
The goal of socialism is communism. Vladimir Lenin
The theory of Communism may be summed up in one sentence: Abolish all private property. Karl Marx
Under capitalism, man exploits man. Under communism, it's just the opposite. John Kenneth Galbraith
Communism doesn't work because people like to own stuff. Frank Zappa
Let's not talk about Communism. Communism was just an idea, just pie in the sky.
The Cold War isn't thawing; it is burning with a deadly heat. Communism isn't sleeping; it is, as always, plotting, scheming, working, fighting. Richard M. Nixon
Communism is Soviet power plus the electrification of the whole country. Vladimir Lenin
There is a specter haunting Europe, the specter of Communism. Karl Marx
Socialism is the same as Communism, only better English. George Bernard Shaw
Ladies and gentlemen, communism didn't fall. It was pushed. Jack Kemp
Political power grows out of the barrel of a gun. Mao Zedong
People like me sound like a lot of big cannons. Mao Zedong
To read too many books is harmful. Mao Zedong
Politics is war without bloodshed while war is politics with bloodshed. Mao Zedong
If you want to know the taste of a pear, you must change the pear by eating it yourself. If you want to know the theory and methods of revolution, you must take part in revolution. All genuine knowledge originates in direct experience. Mao Zedong
A lie told often enough becomes the truth. Vladimir Lenin
One man with a gun can control 100 without one. Vladimir Lenin
Freedom in capitalist society always remains about the same as it was in ancient Greek republics: Freedom for slave owners. Vladimir Lenin
When there is state there can be no freedom, but when there is freedom there will be no state. Vladimir Lenin
Give me four years to teach the children and the seed I have sown will never be uprooted. Vladimir Lenin
The best way to destroy the capitalist system is to debauch the currency. Vladimir Lenin
Give us the child for 8 years and it will be a Bolshevik forever. Vladimir Lenin
The worker of the world has nothing to lose, but their chains, workers of the world unite. Karl Marx
From each according to his ability, to each according to his needs. Karl Marx
Jeder nach seinen Fähigkeiten, jedem nach seinen Bedürfnissen. Karl Marx
Làm theo năng lực, hưởng theo nhu cầu. Các-Mác
Death is the solution to all problems. No man - no problem. Joseph Stalin
When we hang the capitalists they will sell us the rope we use. Joseph Stalin
The people who cast the votes don't decide an election, the people who count the votes do. Joseph Stalin
I trust no one, not even myself. Joseph Stalin
One death is a tragedy; one million is a statistic. Joseph Stalin
Ideas are more powerful than guns. We would not let our enemies have guns, why should we let them have ideas. Joseph Stalin
The Pope? How many divisions has he got? Joseph Stalin
The victor will never be asked if he told the truth. Adolf Hitler