A mind needs books as a sword needs a whetstone, if it is to keep its edge.
Never forget what you are, for surely the world will not. Make it your strength. Then it can never be your weakness. Armour yourself in it, and it will never be used to hurt you.
'Can a man still be brave if he's afraid?' 'That is the only time a man can be brave.'
Fear cuts deeper than swords.
Some old wounds never truly heal, and bleed again at the slightest word.
When you play a game of thrones you win or you die.
The man who passes the sentence should swing the sword. If you would take a man's life, you owe it to him to look into his eyes and hear his final words. And if you cannot bear to do that, then perhaps the man does not deserve to die.
Most men would rather deny a hard truth than face it.
The things we love destroy us every time, lad. Remember that.
Death is so terribly final, while life is full of possibilities.
What is honor compared to a woman's love? What is duty against the feel of a newborn son in your arms . . . or the memory of a brother's smile? Wind and words. Wind and words. We are only human, and the gods have fashioned us for love. That is our great glory, and our great tragedy.
Why is it that when one man builds a wall, the next man immediately needs to know what's on the other side?
When the snows fall and the white winds blow, the lone wolf dies but the pack survives.
Once you’ve accepted your flaws, no one can use them against you.
Nothing burns like the cold.
What do we say to the Lord of Death? Not today.
Oh, my sweet summer child, what do you know of fear? Fear is for the winter, my little lord, when the snows fall a hundred feet deep and the ice wind comes howling out of the north. Fear is for the long night, when the sun hides its face for years at a time, and little children are born and live and die all in darkness while the direwolves grow gaunt and hungry, and the white walkers move through the woods.
The things I do for love.
The man who fears losing has already lost.
I swear to you, sitting a throne is a thousand times harder than winning one.
When dead men and worse come hunting ... you think it matters who sits on the Iron Throne?
Chaos isn't a pit. Chaos is a ladder.
The Lannisters send their regards.
You know nothing, Jon Snow.
Shame! Shame! Shame!
Hodor! Hodor! Hodor!
For the night is dark and full of terrors.
Night gathers, and now my watch begins. It shall not end until my death. I shall take no wife, hold no lands, father no children. I shall wear no crowns and win no glory. I shall live and die at my post. I am the sword in the darkness. I am the watcher on the walls. I am the shield that guards the realms of men. I pledge my life and honor to the Night's Watch, for this night and all the nights to come.
Power resides where men believe it resides. It's a trick, a shadow on the wall. And a very small man can cast a very large shadow.
All men must die, but we are not men.
There's a beast in every man, and it stirs when you put a sword in his hand.
The Lord of Light wants his enemies burned, the Drowned God wants them drowned. Why are all the gods such vicious c**ts? Where's the god of t**s and wine?
He would see this country burn if he could be King of the Ashes.
Chaos isn't a pit. Chaos is a ladder. Many who try to climb it fail, and never get to try again — the fall breaks them. And some are given a chance to climb, but they refuse. They cling to the realm, or the gods, or love ... illusions. Only the ladder is real, the climb is all there is.
If you think this has a happy ending, you haven't been paying attention.
Any man who must say 'I am the king' is no true king.
Nothing isn't better or worse than anything. Nothing is just nothing.
All rulers are either butchers or meat.
The long night is coming, and the dead come with it. No clan can stop them, the free folk can't stop them, the Night's Watch can't stop them and all the southern kings can't stop them. Only together, all of us, and even then it might not be enough but at least we'll give the f---ers a fight.
Money buys a man's silence for a time. A bolt in the heart buys it forever.
Tears aren't  a woman's only weapon. The best one is between your legs.
There's no cure for being a c**t.
Winter is coming.
Ours is the Fury.
We Do Not Sow.
Unbowed, Unbent, Unbroken.
Family, Duty, Honor.
Growing Strong.
A Lannister always pays his debts.
As High as Honor.
Fire and Blood.
Our Blades are Sharp.
What is dead may never die but rises again harder and stronger.
Valar morghulis. Valar dohaeris.