Always remember that you are absolutely unique. Just like everyone else.
We are all here on earth to help others; what on earth the others are here for I don't know.
My fake plants died because I did not pretend to water them.
Age is something that doesn't matter, unless you are a cheese.
Roses are red, violets are blue, I'm schizophrenic, and so am I.
Why do they call it rush hour when nothing moves?
I want my children to have all the things I couldn't afford. Then I want to move in with them.
If at first you don't succeed... so much for skydiving.
Frisbeetarianism is the belief that when you die, your soul goes up on the roof and gets stuck.
There cannot be a crisis next week. My schedule is already full.
You're only as good as your last haircut.
The trouble with having an open mind, of course, is that people will insist on coming along and trying to put things in it.
By all means let's be open-minded, but not so open-minded that our brains drop out.
Memories are like mulligatawny soup in a cheap restaurant. It is best not to stir them.
It all started when my dog began getting free roll over minutes.
The fascination of shooting as a sport depends almost wholly on whether you are at the right or wrong end of the gun.
I wear a necklace, cause I wanna know when I'm upside down.
My grandmother started walking five miles a day when she was sixty. She's ninety-seven now, and we don't know where the hell she is.
If God wanted us to fly, He would have given us tickets.
When God sneezed, I didn't know what to say.
One of the funny things about the stock market is that every time one person buys, another sells, and both think they are astute.
To err is human, but to really foul things up you need a computer.
One of the most feared expressions in modern times is 'The computer is down.'
Home computers are being called upon to perform many new functions, including the consumption of homework formerly eaten by the dog.
The only legitimate use of a computer is to play games.
When people think about computer science, they imagine people with pocket protectors and thick glasses who code all night.
Treat your password like your toothbrush. Don't let anybody else use it, and get a new one every six months.
Don't try to be like Jackie. There is only one Jackie. Study computers instead.
There is no reason for any individual to have a computer in his home.
To err is human - and to blame it on a computer is even more so.
No one ever said on their deathbed, 'Gee, I wish I had spent more time alone with my computer'.
Computers are like Old Testament gods; lots of rules and no mercy.
Computer science is no more about computers than astronomy is about telescopes.
Computers are useless. They can only give you answers.
If I won the award for laziness, I would send somebody to pick it up for me.
Some people are like clouds. When they go away, it's a brighter day.
Don't know where your kids are in the house? Turn off the internet and they'll show up quickly.
I changed my password everywhere to 'incorrect.' That way when I forget it, it always reminds me, 'Your password is incorrect.'
As your best friend I'll always pick you up when you fall, after I finish laughing.
Whenever I'm sad, you're there. Whenever I have problems, you're there. Whenever I lose control, you're there. Let's face it, you are bad luck.
I'm so good at sleeping that I can do it with my eyes closed.
Singing in the shower is all fun and games until you get shampoo in your mouth. Then it becomes a soap opera.
I just finally discovered what's wrong with my brain: on the left side there is nothing right and on the right side, there is nothing left.
Lazy is such an ugly word. I prefer to call it selective participation.
I like to live life dangerously by occasionally sticking my foot out over the edge of the bed at night.
If you have an opinion about my life, please raise your hand. Now put it over your mouth.
Friends come and go, like the waves of the ocean, but the true ones stay like an octopus on your face.
Dear life, when I said 'can this day get any worse' it was a rhetorical question, not a challenge.
Yes officer I saw the speed limit, I just didn't see your car.
Sunglasses: allowing you to stare at people without getting caught. It's like Facebook in real life.
If you are lonely, dim all the lights and put on a horror movie. You won't feel like you are lonely any more.
I'm multitasking: I can listen, ignore and forget at the same time.
I just found out it takes 5 sheep to make one wool sweater. I didn't even know they knew how to knit.
I never make the same mistake twice. I make it three four times, you know, just to be sure!
I would like to thank my middle finger for always sticking up for me when I needed it.
I would like to thank my arms for always being by my side, my legs for always supporting me, and my fingers, because I can always count on them.
Why was Mozard angry at his chickens? When he asked them who is the best composer they all said 'Bach, Bach Bach, Bach.'
Why did Adele cross the road? To say 'Hello' from the other side.
Instead of calling it the John I'm going to start calling my bathroom the Jim. That way I can say I go to the Jim every morning.
Don't drink to forget me, you'll end up seeing me double.
A glass of beer shortens your life by one minute, a glass of wine by two minutes, and a day of work by seven to ten hours.
In beer there is freedom, in wine there is health, in cognac there is power and in water there is bacteria.
Give a man a fish and he will have food for one day. Teach him to catch fish and he will spend all day at the lake drinking beer.
How do you know a man is thinking about his future? He buys two cases of beer instead of one.
Seeing a spider in my room isn't scary. It's scary when it disappears.
Sometimes I wish I was an octopus, so I could slap eight people at once.
Sharks are not so bad... If a stranger came into my house wearing only a bathing suit, I'd probably get angry too.
In spring birds return from their tropical vacation. Six months later they regret their decision and go back.
Never run away when you see a bear, unless you know you can beat some of the other runners.
Why do gorillas have big nostrils? Because they have thick fingers.
When you fall, I will always be there to catch you. - with love, the floor.
I know the voices in my head aren't real..... but sometimes their ideas are just absolutely awesome!
When a door closes another door should open, but if it doesn't then go in through the window.
My goal this weekend is to move... just enough so people don't think I'm dead.
I don't need a hair stylist, my pillow gives me a new hairstyle every morning.
Silence is golden, unless you have kids, then silence is just plain suspicious.
They say 'don't try this at home' so I'm coming over to your house to try it.
Don't worry if plan A fails, there are 25 more letters in the alphabet.
I am on a seafood diet. I see food, and I eat it.
Most of the time... when you're crying, nobody notices your tears. Most of the time... when you're worried, nobody feels your pain. Most of the time... when you're happy, nobody sees your smile. But when you fart just one time...
When nothing is going right, go left.
Doing nothing is hard, you never know when you're done.
You know you are getting old when the candles on your birthday cake start to cost more than the cake itself.
'Revenge' sounds so mean, that's why I prefer to call it 'Returning the favor.'
Everybody wants to go to heaven; but nobody wants to die.
Chocolate is great, it gives you energy which can be used to go buy more chocolate.
To make time fly, throw your watch out the window.
Friends come and go, but enemies remain and build up.
The man who smiles when things go wrong has thought of someone to blame it on.
You're born free, then you're taxed to death.
Every weekend I do what I love most, absolutely nothing!
If nothing is impossible is it possible for something to be impossible?
You never run out of things that can go wrong.
I love my computer because all my friends live inside it!
My advice is to never listen to any advice, not even this one.
Never judge a book by it's movie.
I was always taught to respect my elders and I've now reached the age when I don't have anybody to respect.
If you let out a loud fart and someone hears you, just yell 'Jet Power' and start running.
Be careful when you follow the masses. Sometimes the M is silent.
I would like to apologize to anyone whom I haven't offended yet. Please be patient, I will get to you shortly.